c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\obj\Debug\FirmaService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\FirmaService.dll.config
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\FirmaService.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\FirmaService.pdb
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\PersonelDataAccsess.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\PersonelDataAccsess.pdb
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\obj\Debug\FirmaService.dll
c:\users\axu\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\FirmaService\FirmaService\obj\Debug\FirmaService.pdb
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\FirmaService.dll.config
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\FirmaService.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\FirmaService.pdb
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\PersonelDataAccsess.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\PersonelDataAccsess.pdb
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\obj\Debug\FirmaService.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\obj\Debug\FirmaService.dll
D:\FirmaService\FirmaService\obj\Debug\FirmaService.pdb
